# ContentGuidBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **str** | A simple, URL-friendly identifier. Allows alpha-numeric characters, hyphens (&#x60;\&quot;-\&quot;&#x60;), and underscores (&#x60;\&quot;_\&quot;&#x60;). | [optional] [default to '']
**title** | **str** | The title of this content. | [optional] [default to 'null']
**description** | **str** | A rich description of this content. | [optional] [default to '']
**access_type** | **str** | Access type describes how this content manages its viewers. The value &#x60;all&#x60; is the most permissive; any visitor to Posit Connect will be able to view this content. The value &#x60;logged_in&#x60; indicates that all Posit Connect accounts may view the content. The &#x60;acl&#x60; value lets specifically enumerated users and groups view the content. Users configured as collaborators may always view content. | [optional] [default to 'acl']
**owner_guid** | **str** | The unique identifier of the user who owns this content item. It is automatically assigned when the content is created. Only administrators can change this value. | [optional] 
**connection_timeout** | **int** | Maximum number of seconds allowed without data sent or received across a client connection. A value of &#x60;0&#x60; means connections will never time-out (not recommended). When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.ConnectionTimeout&#x60; is used. Applies only to content types that are executed on demand. | [optional] 
**read_timeout** | **int** | Maximum number of seconds allowed without data received from a client connection. A value of &#x60;0&#x60; means a lack of client (browser) interaction never causes the connection to close. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.ReadTimeout&#x60; is used. Applies only to content types that are executed on demand. | [optional] 
**init_timeout** | **int** | The maximum number of seconds allowed for an interactive application to start. Posit Connect must be able to connect to a newly launched application before this threshold has elapsed. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.InitTimeout&#x60; is used. Applies only to content types that are executed on demand. | [optional] 
**idle_timeout** | **int** | The maximum number of seconds a worker process for an interactive application to remain alive after it goes idle (no active connections). When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.IdleTimeout&#x60; is used. Applies only to content types that are executed on demand. | [optional] 
**max_processes** | **int** | Specifies the total number of concurrent processes allowed for a single interactive application. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.MaxProcesses&#x60; is used. Applies only to content types that are executed on demand.  The value cannot be greater than &#x60;Scheduler.MaxProcessesLimit&#x60;. | [optional] 
**min_processes** | **int** | Specifies the minimum number of concurrent processes allowed for a single interactive application. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.MinProcesses&#x60; is used. Applies only to content types that are executed on demand.  The value cannot be greater than &#x60;Scheduler.MinProcessesLimit&#x60;. | [optional] 
**max_conns_per_process** | **int** | Specifies the maximum number of client connections allowed to an individual process. Incoming connections which will exceed this limit are routed to a new process or rejected. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.MaxConnsPerProcess&#x60; is used. Applies only to content types that are executed on demand. | [optional] 
**load_factor** | **float** | Controls how aggressively new processes are spawned. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.LoadFactor&#x60; is used. Applies only to content types that are executed on demand.  The valid range is between 0.0 and 1.0. | [optional] 
**cpu_request** | **float** | The minimum amount of compute power this content needs when executing or rendering, expressed in [\&quot;CPU Units\&quot;](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#meaning-of-cpu), where 1.0 unit is equivalent to 1 physical or virtual core. Fractional values are allowed. This is used when running in an off-host execution configuration to determine where the content should be run. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.CPURequest&#x60; is used.  The value cannot be greater than &#x60;Scheduler.MaxCPURequest&#x60;, or than the effective &#x60;cpu_limit&#x60;. | [optional] 
**cpu_limit** | **float** | The maximum amount of compute power this content will be allowed to consume when executing or rendering, expressed in [\&quot;CPU Units\&quot;](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#meaning-of-cpu), where 1.0 unit is equivalent to 1 physical or virtual core. Fractional values are allowed. This is used when running in an off-host execution configuration. If the process tries to use more CPU than allowed, it will be throttled. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.CPULimit&#x60; is used.  The value cannot be greater than &#x60;Scheduler.MaxCPULimit&#x60;, or less than the effective &#x60;cpu_request&#x60;. | [optional] 
**memory_request** | **int** | The minimum amount of RAM this content needs when executing or rendering, expressed in bytes. This is used when running in an off-host execution configuration to determine where the content should be run. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.MemoryRequest&#x60; is used.  The value cannot be greater than &#x60;Scheduler.MaxMemoryRequest&#x60;, or than the effective &#x60;memory_limit&#x60;. | [optional] 
**memory_limit** | **int** | The maximum amount of RAM this content will be allowed to consume when executing or rendering, expressed in bytes. If the process tries to use more memory than allowed, it will be terminated. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Scheduler.MemoryLimit&#x60; is used.  The value cannot be greater than &#x60;Scheduler.MaxMemoryLimit&#x60;, or less than the effective &#x60;memory_request&#x60;. | [optional] 
**run_as** | **str** | The UNIX user that executes this content. When &#x60;null&#x60;, the default &#x60;Applications.RunAs&#x60; is used. Applies only to executable content types - not &#x60;static&#x60;.  Only administrators can change this value. | [optional] [default to 'null']
**run_as_current_user** | **bool** | Indicates that Connect should run processes for this content item under the Unix account of the user who visits it. Content accessed anonymously will continue to run as the specified &#x60;run_as&#x60; user.  Connect must be configured to use PAM authentication with the server settings &#x60;Applications.RunAsCurrentUser &#x3D; true&#x60; and &#x60;PAM.ForwardPassword &#x3D; true&#x60;. This setting has no effect for other authentication types.  This setting only applies to application content types (Shiny, Dash, Streamlit, and Bokeh).  Only administrators can change this value. | [optional] [default to False]
**default_image_name** | **str** | The default image that will be used when none is defined by the bundle&#x27;s manifest. A specific image may be selected by setting the &#x60;environment.image&#x60; field in the manifest. If no image is selected by the manifest file, then the &#x60;default_image_name&#x60; is used. If a target image is not defined by the manifest, and no &#x60;default_image_name&#x60; is configured, then Connect will select an image from the list of configured execution environments.  Use the &#x60;/v1/environments&#x60; API endpoints to determine which environments are available for content execution. | [optional] 
**default_r_environment_management** | **bool** | Indicates whether or not Connect should create and manage an R environment (installing required packages) for this content. When &#x60;null&#x60;, Connect makes this determination based on the server configuration.  This value is ignored if the server setting &#x60;Applications.DefaultEnvironmentManagementSelection&#x60; is disabled. | [optional] [default to False]
**default_py_environment_management** | **bool** | Indicates whether or not Connect should create and manage a Python environment (installing required packages) for this content. When &#x60;null&#x60;, Connect makes this determination based on the server configuration.  This value is ignored if the server setting &#x60;Applications.DefaultEnvironmentManagementSelection&#x60; is disabled. | [optional] [default to False]
**service_account_name** | **str** | The name of the Kubernetes service account that is used to run a particular piece of content.  It must adhere to valid Kubernetes service account naming rules.  Connect must be configured to run with &#x60;Launcher.Enabled &#x3D; true&#x60;, &#x60;Launcher.Kubernetes &#x3D; true&#x60; and &#x60;Launcher.KubernetesContentServiceAccountSelection &#x3D; true&#x60;  for this value to be applied. It will have precedence over the &#x60;Launcher.KubernetesDefaultServiceAccount&#x60; that may be set in the configuration for Connect.  If this value is defined and Connect is configured with &#x60;Launcher.KubernetesContentServiceAccountSelection &#x3D; false&#x60; an error will be returned.  Only administrators and publishers can view this value. Only administrators can set or change this value. | [optional] [default to 'null']

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

